hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i'm going to explain a thriller
movie called the hidden face
please be aware the video contains
spoilers the movie starts with our main
character adrian who is an orchestra
conductor
he receives a video message from his
girlfriend called belen and tells him
that she still loves him but she can't
carry on with him so she is leaving
she asks him to not come after her
adrian becomes heartbroken by this
message he then goes to a bar to have a
few drinks in order to numb the pain and
forget about her beloved bellen he gets
so drunk that he gets into a fight in
the parking lot with a random guy
the guy's girlfriend stops the fight and
drives away when the bartender girl
called fabiana comes to his rescue and
makes an offer to call him a taxi
he declines the offer so the girl brings
him over to her house
they have a good time in the car as
adrian conducts the music playing form
the radio
and they sure continue to have fun at
her place adrian wakes up and he doesn't
know where he is fabiana asks him what
happened the previous night why was he
so miserable but adrian stays silent
he quickly drinks his coffee and leaves
in a hurry without saying goodbye to her
after this adrian holds a class but ends
it in the middle of practice as he gets
too distracted from his work
at the same night he goes to the same
bar to apologize to fabiana
she forgives him for leaving in the
morning without saying a word
he brings her to the theater which he
works at to make up for the previous
night
they hit it off instantly and they
develop a romantic relationship over
time
fabiana spends a night at adrian's place
and wakes up in the morning earlier than
adrian
in the bathroom she starts hearing
noises from the drain so she decides to
look around at adrian's mansion
she starts to get suspicious as she
finds shoe design drawings on a table
which clearly belongs to someone else
adrian catches her looking at the
drawings and asks her to have breakfast
in order to distract her from the
drawings
they sit outside and fabiana asks him
why he lives in the middle of nowhere
instead of the city
he answers that he needs peace in order
to fulfill his creative desires
two detectives come to his house to ask
about his missing ex-girlfriend
their name is francesco and bernardo we
learned that bellin disappeared without
trace and the police is looking for her
they start searching the house as the
primary suspect in bellin's
disappearance as adrian
they ask questions about bellen he shows
the detectives the workstation she left
there the detectives start looking
around in the garden which makes adrian
frustrated as he thinks they suspect him
killing her and burying her outside
adrian believes that belen just ran away
with another man to start a new life
somewhere else
he also tells fabiana that he tried to
contact belen's family but got no answer
from anyone
at night adrian plays the piano but
fabiana invites him to go to bed with
her
while fabiana takes a bath she hears the
sound again from the drain and notices
that the water is moving even though she
is completely still
she jumps out the bath and runs to
adrian the lights go out when the
lightning strikes but adrian calms her
down again and tells her it happens
every time when there is a storm outside
they are about to do the adult stuff
when she asks him to take the dog out of
the room as it bothers her
we switch to the next night where
fabiana is at work again
she is having a conversation with his
friend about adrian the friend turns out
to be one of the detectives that visited
the mansion before named bernardo
he finds it strange and suspicious that
they started dating immediately after
belen's disappearance
she tells him that bellen left and
adrian has nothing to do with her
disappearance
we also learned that bernardo and
fabiana used to date back then
adrian has a big concert where he
introduces fabiana to the orchestra
manager called tito
tito tells adrian that they will never
forget him as we learn that adrian plans
to leave his job soon
while fabiana is having a nice shower
the water turns so hot that it burns her
skin
she gets out to check the burn in the
mirror when she starts to hear the noise
again from the bathroom sink
hans the dog scares her as she is
already on edge she finds a hidden key
in the floor while she is jumping around
in adrien's bedroom
she puts the key around her neck and
starts wearing it as a necklace
the storm causes the lights to go out
again she constantly thinks that someone
is in the house besides her she starts
looking around the house to find the
alleged intruder han scares her once
again she tumbles over the piano chair
and hits her head into the piano
she faints but adrian finds her he
brings her painkillers and a glass of
water fabiana shares that she doesn't
feel comfortable being by herself in the
mansion adrian assures her that nothing
bad is going to happen he thinks that it
was only bad luck with the lights going
out and han scaring her
she tells him her theory about the
noises that she hears in the bathroom
she believes that the mansion is haunted
and a ghost is present adrian laughs at
this idea he doesn't think fabiana's
concerns are real
adrian thinks it's only the wind that
blows between the pipes fabiana remains
curious about what is really happening
in the house adrian must leave as he got
a call from one of the detectives
they found a body that resembles belen
and he has to identify her
adrian and the detectives visit the
morgue to see the body of a young lady
adrian tells them it is not belen even
though the pathologist told them that
it's impossible to identify the body
because her whole body is damaged by
fire adrian drives home and as he gets
inside he hears fabiana saying sorry to
someone upstairs
he confronts her about this asking who
she is talking to while in the bathroom
fabiana says she was just looking for a
book and deflects the question
adrian tells fabiana that belen isn't in
his life anymore they hug when the
camera zooms on the mirror and we see
bellen in a ghost-like form
we get a throwback of adrian and belen
biking in the sunset
the next scene they're having a nice
dinner at home where adrian tells her he
got his dream job for his job in bogota
he must leave in 15 days for about a
year
adrian asks belen to join him and move
to bogota together belen hesitates but
agrees to go with him he performs for
the first time in bogota and bellen is
amused by his talent
she starts looking for him after the
concert and finds him talking to a
violinist called veronica
it raises concerns and she thinks adrian
might have an affair with veronica
the house that they decide to rent is in
the middle of nowhere
it is owned by a german lady who is
going back to berlin so she decides to
rent out the place with one condition to
look after her dog hans
adrian and belen move into the mansion
they spend the first days happily in the
new house her suspicion that adrian is
cheating on her re-emerge when she
catches adrien and veronica having a
private chat accompanied with whiskey in
his office
while adrian is showering belen goes
through his phone and finds messages
between the two of them
belen asks him about his relationship
with veronica and confronts him about
the texts and calls she found
adrian confesses that he has been
flirting with veronica but nothing more
happened
she wants him to fire veronica from the
orchestra but adrian denies his
girlfriend's request and leaves for work
belen is having a conversation with the
german lady she is curious what would
adrian do if she would die or go missing
the lady tells her that she should act
on this idea to find out if adrian
really loves her the lady shows belle in
a secret room which they built in order
to hide her husband in case someone came
to look for him
the room itself is self-contained and
sealed off from sound there is a one-way
see-through glass where she can see
everything happening on the other side
there is a speaker in the room so every
conversation from outside can be heard
the lady leaves the mansion and tells
her she is going to call her when she
gets to berlin
on the ladies suggestion belen decides
to record the video and head into the
shelter room to find out what adrian
does if she goes missing
she is packing her stuff to make the
story of leaving more believable when
adrian suddenly arrives home
she grabs her stuff in a hurry but the
key to the shelter falls into the vent
unnoticed she heads inside and locked
the door on herself she observes
adrian's reaction to the video she is
happy because he seems heartbroken when
she wants to get out of the room to
reunite with adrian she realizes that
she didn't bring the key with her so she
is trapped in the room
she starts hitting the glass and
screaming for adrian to help her
the room being completely soundproof
makes her scream inaudible for adrian
her phone has no signal in the room in
desperation she even tries to unlock the
door with the house's other keys
she then starts bashing the glass with a
chair but it has no use
adrian brings the video that belen left
to the police in order to find out where
she went
meanwhile belen desperately wants to get
out of the room she checks every corner
of the room when she finds the late
husband's uniform in a closet
she proceeds to read a journal and finds
out that the lady's husband used to be
an ss officer during world war ii
she finds a can opener and starts
craving a hole in one of the walls
her effort was close to useless he finds
old canned food inside one of the
drawers he tastes it but the canned food
is already spoiled she tries to wash the
taste out with the water from the tap
but the water is brown due to the old
pipes
despite this it is enough for her to
survive for a while
later adrian watches the video one last
time and tells her all the best
he goes to the bathroom later when
bellen hits one of the pipes in anger
she realizes that the water in the sink
moved when she hit the pipes
she starts desperately hitting the pipes
to bring adrian's attention to the water
adrian isn't noticing the water moving
so belen proceeds to carve the wall
the dynamo light breaks so she has to
spend her time in the darkness form now
on
she hears a noise and goes to one of the
mirrors where she sees adrian bringing
fabiana to the house for the first time
she completely collapses as she watches
adrian and fabiana doing adult stuff
she tries to hide in the corner to
protect herself from seeing it but the
speakers keep on playing the sounds of
nature
we switched to the morning when fabiana
started hearing noises from the drain
it was bellen screaming for help she
goes back to carve the wall when she
finds out that a thick metal plate is
behind the concrete wall she does
everything in her power to get noticed
that's why she started messing with the
water temperature when fabiana was
taking a shower
belen sees that fabiana found the lost
key to the room so she starts banging on
the mirrors to get her attention
fabiana ignores this once again as she
can't hear her we see the scene where
adrian gets a phone call to identify a
body
after he leaves fabiana looks into the
mirror and smiles as she believes belen
is dead
fabiana purposely fills the bathroom
sink with water to test if the water
will move again when she asks questions
she says to start and stop while
watching the water moving
she realizes that someone or something
is trying to communicate with her
through the water
fabiana asks a bunch of questions in
order to find out who is doing all this
stuff that's when she makes sure that is
really bellend behind the walls
she asks belen if she is trapped
somewhere and she soon realizes that
belen is alive behind the walls
fabiana finds the secret door and belen
finally sees the light at the end of the
tunnel
fabiana inserts the key but suddenly
stops and hesitates she takes out the
key without opening the lock she decides
to keep bellen locked up so she can be
the only women in adrian's life
we see the scene again where fabiana was
saying sorry to someone and adrian asked
her about it
belen cries in agony as she sees fabiana
hugging adrian
one day detective bernardo threatens
adrian in a parking lot he tells him he
is going to end his life if something
happens with fabiana
fabiana is tormented about the events
took place lately when she gets home
from work she starts asking belen to
make sure that she is okay but she gets
no answer
she feels extremely guilty for not
letting belen out when she first got the
chance
fabiana relocates their belongings to
another room so that bellen won't be
able to see them through the mirrors
adrian gets a little upset that fabiana
relocated their room without asking him
first
in the morning detective bernardo comes
to the house and hands fabiana photos
which shows adrian having an affair with
the violinist veronica
parallel to this event happening adrian
break things off at work with veronica
fabiana becomes devastated because of
this fabiana makes the big decision to
let bellin out of the hidden room
meanwhile adrian is performing a concert
so he has no idea about what's happening
at his own house
the doors open and fabiana gets in the
room in order to find bellen
belen is seemingly sleeping so fabiana
wakes her up by shouting her name
belen suddenly opens her eyes and
smashes a bottle on fabiana's head
she manages to knock her out and grab
the keys for the room
she rushes out and closes the door
trapping fabiana inside
belen leaves the key in the bedroom so
adrian could figure out what happened
she also leaves him a picture on the
mirror which shows the two of them
together
at the end of the movie we see belen
sitting at the beach finally finding
peace
the camera cuts for one more second to
the hidden room where we see fabiana
hitting the glass
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the video please leave a like and
subscribe
thanks